# Seattle_Tour_Map

Author : Gyubeom Kim

Link : https://gyubeom.carto.com/builder/54e7f702-26e0-4412-b921-94c5efc9609c/embed

Most of location data of public arts that I collected were located near place where I am living in. Because of the fact that my car is undergoing repair, I could not collect data from places located far away from campus. This is the reason that I chose places like campus and university village. On the other hand, my partner, Sunghwan, went to various places to collect data even if the places were distant. All of the observations, my partner and I made, was exactly same. We focused on the size and materials of the public arts that we have observed. When we put all data in Fulcrum, this is the first time that I have got to know some of the location data of public arts that my partner collected. Besides, I have only seen the Fremont Troll in the picture but when I heard the information about the size of it, it surprised me because I could not feel that the Troll is that big in the picture. 
	The places where I collected data about the public arts were campus and university village. Since the places were easily accessible and near my house, I chose those locations for the project. The observation we focused was the material and size of public arts. Also, I focused the picture of the public arts so I uploaded all pictures of them. When we just started project, I have thought that there are so many public arts near campus but majority might not consider them as public arts because of easy accessibility. Furthermore, since the public arts that I observed were familiar with me, I did not really need spent so time. So, I chose them for my observation.  Overall, it was such a worthwhile experience that I acknowledge that there are so my public arts near my living place. 
